I won't stop, even for a few moments
Do pal mujhe Rukna nahi
As I am like the flowing wind
Main to hu jaise behti ye hawa
I don't listen to anyone but myself
Auron ki main, Sunta nahi
There isn't any other like me
Mujhsa nahi hai koi doosra
Why bother about the world
Saari Duniya se ab yaari, Karni bhi kyu bewajah
When I am here and so are you
Main yahaan tu yahaan
Why bother about the world
Saari Duniya se ab yaari, Karni bhi kyu bewajah
When I am here and so are you
Main yahaan tu yahaan
We won't stop
Memu Aagamu
We'll never stop
as'salu āgamu
We won't stop
Memu Aagamu
We'll never stop
as'salu āgamu
TRI.BE VIDA LOCA
I'm like a Tom Sawyer
Let my worries go away
걱정다내려놨네
Wherever my feet take me, I'll go anywhere
발닫는곳으로가어디든갈래
Anywhere I want yeah
I feel like I'm in the air yeah
붕떠있는기분
Feels like something new
뭔가새로운느낌
Yeah we can fly
Like there's no tomorrow yeah we can fly
내일이없는것처럼
Don't care about what anyone says
누가뭐라던간에신경안써
I'm freer than ever right now
이시간속난더자유롭고
I Keep on going I won't stop
멈추지않아계속해서
Dance and sing all I want eh oh
춤추고노래해맘대로
It's amazing
My days don't have worries
걱정이없는매일이
This moment is always new like magic
마법처럼지금이순간이늘새로워
We won't stop
Memu Aagamu
Make you crazy
We won't stop
Memu Aagamu
We'll never stop
as'salu āgamu
We won't stop yeah
We won't stop
Memu Aagamu
We'll never stop
as'salu āgamu
We won't stop yeah
We won't stop
Memu Aagamu
We'll never stop
as'salu āgamu
We won't stop yeah
We won't stop
Memu Aagamu
We'll never stop
as'salu āgamu
We won't stop yeah
We won't stop
Memu Aagamu
We'll never stop
as'salu āgamu
We won't stop
Memu Aagamu
We'll never stop
as'salu āgamu
We won't stop
Memu Aagamu
We'll never stop
as'salu āgamu
We won't stop
Memu Aagamu
We'll never stop
as'salu āgamu